Mom, what do you think?
President Nalan's brain is not good
This project
Not only our Lin's Group raised 100 billion yuan
So is the Mid-Zhou Chamber of Commerce
If he is only worth ten billion projects
What do you think?
Will the Zhongzhou Chamber of Commerce increase the investment amount simultaneously?
Fan'er, what do you say?
What do you mean?
Although Zizi was stubborn and useless before
But it's really changed a lot lately
He must have meant something else.
Because of new energy projects
It will become the first key project of Middle School
The capital will invade and provide unlimited support
Where did you get this news from?
Is it accurate? President Nalan told me himself
Do you think it will be fake?
If it is true
That's really an opportunity.
It's really an opportunity
But increase the investment by 10 times
The expansion of the project continues throughout the industry
Still too aggressive
I agree with Lin Dong
Is this business?
The emphasis is on steady play
I, Lin's Group, can have today's achievements and status
It depends on one word, roll
Hahaha Second Aunt
The situation of our Lin's Group
100 billion projects can't be eaten at all
I acknowledge your relationship with President Nalan
Extraordinary, perhaps.
But even so
I don't think it's far from there yet.
President Nalan will reveal to you
The state of this major secret
Shu Sheng is right
Do you have any evidence?
Then why not?
I'll come down to you in person at the meeting
face to face
Lin Fan, what if your news is true?
With this alone
Can't support a hundred billion-dollar investment
This obvious loss-making business
Stupid